hi everyone it's a I'm just gonna make a
real quick video this is my first time
trying Greek yogurt and I just wanted to
record it
this is Chobani Greek yogurt and it's
strawberry I like strawberry so I don't
know what the difference is between
Greek yogurt and regular yogurt my mom
said it's like let's take myself it like
Greek yogurt is more thing I don't know
I'm gonna find that out right now it
smells really nice oh my gosh
it's definitely thick yes
I should probably mix it a Highline chef
hello oh my god it's got this purple
stuff its drips no it's strawberry niche
opening oh my gosh that's
yeah I'm mixing it okay bye well like
this right is dripping it's dripping but
okay that's really good
Wow Highland oh no you know yeah all
right I'm mixing it in the tube oh it's
starting to look really nice it's really
good I just had some ice our two for a
weirdo all right
this is really good it's sour I like it
but it's thicker yeah it's more thing
what I like about it is that it doesn't
have any big strawberry pieces good
[Music]